Trust and compliance: Add privacy section (#97)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/trust/privacy/gdpr.md

# GDPR compliance

## Data processing

<!-- md:hosted -->

When using pretix Hosted, you act as the data controller and we act as the data processor (Art. 28 GDPR).

We strongly recommend that you sign a Data Protection Agreement (DPA) with us to be in compliance with Art. 28 GDPR.
You can do so within your pretix account at :navpath:Your organizer → :fa3-lock: Data protection:.

Unfortunately, we are usually not able to accommodate requests for a customized DPA based on a customer's DPA template.
This is because we act as a processor for a large number of controllers and can only efficiently ensure enforcement of the DPA when the same rules apply across our customer base.

## Processing location

<!-- md:hosted -->

When using pretix Hosted, we only process data within the European Union.

> At the moment, all of our data centers are located within Germany.

Reviewer: "At the moment" klingt so flüchtig. Wie schnell ändert sich sowas? Gibt es aktuell Pläne, Server außerhalb von Deutschland zu betreiben? 
Wenn nicht, würde ich diese drei Wörter streichen.

## Records of processing activities

When describing pretix in your internal record of processing activities (Art. 30 GDPR), we recommend that you describe why you use pretix, what data you configure pretix to collect, and who will receive that data.

> Unfortunately, we are unable to provide you with a template for pretix is used for a wide number of purposes and depending on your specific use cases, the categories of data subjects and the categories of personal data might be completely different to those of another user of pretix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We cannot provide you with a template for that description because pretix is used for a large number of purposes. 
Depending on your specific use case, the categories of data subjects and the categories of personal data might be completely different to those of another user of pretix.
```

## Data protection by design and by default

> pretix is designed to minimize the risks by collecting only very minimal data in its default configuration.

Reviewer: Ich finde da nur die Formulierung "risks of varying likelihood and severity for rights and freedoms of natural persons posed by the processing" und das ist noch sperriger. Dann wäre ich für einfach "risk". Vielleicht lässt sich irgendwo in dem Artikel ein sinnvoller Verweis auf die GDPR einbauen?

Specifically, in its most simple configuration, pretix will only store the email address entered by the customer and nothing else.

> Everything other data collection feature can be turned off and is either disabled or optional by default.

Reviewer 2: Every other data collection feature...

Author: ```suggestion
Every other data collection feature can be turned off and is either disabled or optional by default.
```

It is your obligation to only collect additional personal data that you require to provide your service to your customers.

## Security of processing

pretix applies state-of-the-art security mechanisms.
The application supports modern cryptography and authentication schemes.
For pretix Hosted, we take care of automated monitoring and backups.

> You can learn more [on our website](https://pretix.eu/about/en/security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more on our website: [security at pretix](https://pretix.eu/about/en/security).
```

Reviewer: Yes, upper case.
